[Merged by Bors] - 0.10 AsBindGroup storage buffers, Shapes, and enum Visibility (#567)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2023-03-04-bevy-0.10/index.md

These abstractions were introduced in [#6404](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/6404), [#7381](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/7381) and [#7568](https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/7568).

## Cylinder Shape

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @JayPavlinas, @rparrett, @davidhof</div>

The cylinder shape primitive has joined our zoo of built-in shapes!

![primitive shapes](primitive_shapes.png)

## Subdividable Plane Shape

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @woodroww</div>

Bevy's [`Plane`] shape can now be subdivided any number of times.

![plane](plane.png)

[`Plane`]: https://docs.rs/bevy/0.10.0/bevy/prelude/shape/struct.Plane.html

## Configurable Visibility Component

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @ickk</div>

> The [`Visibility`] component controls whether or not an [`Entity`] should be rendered. **Bevy 0.10** changes it from being an `is_visible: bool` to an enum with multiple modes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Visibility`] component controls whether or not an [`Entity`] should be rendered. **Bevy 0.10** reworked the type definition: rather having a single `is_visible: bool` field, we now use an enum with an additional mode:
```

```rust
pub enum Visibility {
  Hidden,    // unconditionally hidden
  Visible,   // unconditionally visible
  Inherited, // inherit visibility from parent
}
```

> The enum is much easier to understand! And in previous Bevy versions, "inherited visibility" and "hidden" were essentially the only two options. Now entities can opt to be visible, even if their parent is hidden!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Much easier to understand! In previous Bevy versions, "inherited visibility" and "hidden" were essentially the only two options. Now entities can opt to be visible, even if their parent is hidden!
```
